1. in the program, there is "import pynput"
- this is an external library (non-stand python library), so we have to "download it", which means "pip install lib_name" -> import lib_name

2. pip is python package manager, it can download, install and manage packages. pip connects to PyPi, download the latest version of the package you need
then install it in the current/active environment -> now you can import the library
*ubuntu also manages python packages

3. pip is not adviasble to be installed system wide on ubuntu coz it may break other apps that depend on ubuntu's python. this is because ubuntu use Python internally 
meaning its system python must be stable and untouched, if anyone accidentally installs or updates a python package that the system depend on, it could break the os

error: this environment is externally managed means that this environment (current os) is being managed by system python. dont do anything to it.
if you want to change something to the system python (i.e install pip), make sure you dont do it in this environment
4. solution: use venv
- make sure you are in the project folder (the pwd shows the project folder)
python3 -m venv myenv
source myenv/bin/activate
pip install pynput
deactivate


5.if i have a folder "project" and python3 -m venv venv, then a venv is created but only for that folder. 
I can do the same for other folders and the venvs are totally isolated
when inside the venv, i can work with all the things system wide, except for system-installed python packages (this is hidden from vevn) or things from other venvs

6. problems with try, except:
you try importing it -> failed coz you have not installed yet -> except : now you install -> but after installing, you have not imported->undefined keyboard
-> just remove the try, except, finally
-> install them from the beginning (in terminal) since you are already in venv
pip install pynput pyscreenshot sounddevice Pillow

7. sed -i 's/^    //' keylogger.py    to remove 4 spaces from ALL lines in the file

8. pil missing: apt install Pillow

9. audio:
system wide: 
sudo apt update
sudo apt install libportaudio2 libportaudiocpp0 portaudio19-dev

venv:
sudo apt update
sudo apt install libportaudio2 libportaudiocpp0 portaudio19-dev

10. smtp problem:
you send mail as m, not as message
correct:             server.sendmail(sender, receiver, m)

